>> Steve Kinney: All right,
let's put this thing on the Internet.
So there are also these
things called firebase-tools,
that's the fire base CLI,
I talked it a lot a little bit.
Which is the ability, there's the Firebase
CLI, which allows you to manage a whole
bunch of stuff that we've been doing in
the dashboard locally, in your system.
And then there's firebase-admin,
which gives you some of
the dashboard power, right?
The dashboard didn't believe
in any security rules,
we do whatever we want in there,
it's fine.
So these tools allow you to do
it programmatically, as well.
So I have it installed, but
otherwise, if you don't,
you can do npm install -g firebase-tools,
and then firebase-admin.
And those will get you the, firebase-tools
is the CLI binary, firebase-admin
is just a library that you can use,
but I have those installed already.
If you have not done it before,
you do a firebase login, which,
I'm already logged in.
It's actually pretty neat, it'll open up
your browser, and then let you OAuth in,
and then send you back
to the command line.
Which I didn't know was a thing
you could do, so that's neat.
And then if you're in a project,
this is just our create-react-app project,
I do firebase init.
That used to be fire emoji,
I don't know why they changed it,
I think they should put it back,
but it used to be fire emoji.
And you can see,
we've got this useful text-based
interface of what things we're using.
Now you're like,
I'm already using Firestore!
What this will do is, it will actually
copy those rules from the console,
into a firestoreRules.json.
And so now, you can pull them down, and
edit them on your machine,
and push them back up.
There's actually also a tool for
running unit tests against them, right?
So you can pull it down,
there's an emulator that will
emulate a Firebase database.
And let you set the security rules, write
unit tests, based on what you can and
can't do in your firebase account,
which is really cool.
Functions, which are those cloud
functions, we'll turn that on.
Hosting and Storage, Storage is the same
thing, it's just gonna put on the rules.
It's not gonna store stuff on your
computer, it's just gonna pull down those
rules, so you can edit them,
and you can push them back up.
So you can check them into version
control, and do whatever you want,
in that case.
So I'm gonna pull down all four, I'm not
gonna pull down the real-time database,
which project,
I think I'm on this one now,
>> Steve Kinney: What should we use for
the rules, cool, yeah,
that seems fine, firestore.rules.
The indexes, we didn't do really any
super-advanced queries, but Firebase will,
they index, by default,
every property on an object.
But there's also things
called compound indexes,
where if you're trying to do multiple,
they're not joins.
But if you think about joins,
you can create compound indexes,
that Firebase will make those fast,
so this will let you change those.
For your cloud functions,
do you wanna do JavaScript or TypeScript?
I like TypeScript, but
we're gonna do JavaScript.
Do you want ESLint to catch probable bugs?
At the,
whatever the Firebase summit thing is,
they're all really into ESLint and
TypeScript.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and so
it wrote these two things,
shall I install the dependencies now,
go for it.
That's gonna install all
of the dependencies for us,
it's gonna create a folder for
our firebase functions.
It's going to set it up, so
we can do a Firebase deploy, and
deploy to an HTTPS server, that we can
just put it in the Internet really easily,
whole bunch of some pretty cool stuff.
Like that, you can see,
it wrote the functions/package.json,
that's what's installing right now,
because these are server-side functions.
They are separate from the package-json
from our client-side code, so
that'll be a separate folder.
That will make the git tool in
Visual Studio Code very angry with me,
cuz those node modules are not currently
in gitignore, which is really great.
This is the one we have
to pay attention to.
It's trying to guess what
the public directory is,
what we're going to use the server page
out of, you're like, yeah, public, no.
If we remember create-react-app, when we
do npm-build, makes a build directory.
And the build directory is what we
wanna push up to the Internet, so
we'll say build.
This one is also important, configure
as a single-page app, which means,
rewrite all URLs to /index.html.
We want that, right,
that's what lets react-router do its work.
Everything goes into /index.html,
react-router does its thing, and
figures out the rest for us.
So we want a yes,
don't just blindly hit Enter to that one,
yeah, don't override it.
We're gonna build anyway,
Storage Rules can go there.
And just before, we'll just do,
the code gets angry with me, we'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, so let's see,
we got some new stuff in here,
we got this new functions directory.
We've got firebase.json which is just some
basic settings, so if you messed up and
did public,
you can just change it here, it's fine.
Indexes, we're not really
doing anything with.
The rules, remember those,
they're down on my file system now,
same with the storage.rules,
they are also down here as well.
Maybe we didn't save them last time, but
everything is down on my system now.
Other stuff like that, which is what
project it is, and so on and so forth.
So what we'll do is,
let's go to package.json, and
we're gonna make one new
script ,which is deploy,
which will be a npm run build.
And then if that is successful,
then we'll do a firebase deploy.
firebase deploy will deploy your app, your
cloud functions, and your rules, right?
You could actually do a dash-dash only,
and do some subset of those, if you want.
But in this case, we're gonna treat
a deploy as, launch all the ships.
>> Steve Kinney: Do an npm run deploy, so
that will first call
create-react-app's build.
Which will go ahead and webpack all
the things, and do my production build.
And when that is successful,
then we will call firebase deploy.
And it will push that up to the cloud,
which is also just
somebody else's computer.
While that happens,
I'm gonna go over to the dashboard here,
we can take a look at Hosting.
>> Steve Kinney: It's telling us about all
the stuff we just did, that's very cool.
You can, if you don't like,
whatever it is-.firebaseapp.com,
you can set up your own custom domain.
What is gonna be really cool,
when this shows up is,
every deploy that you have
done will be listed here.
And you can go back, if you botch it,
you can hit roll back, and
you can switch back to a previous deploy,
really easily.
You could also get some amount
of very base-level usage stats.
But the ability, you could see,
here's the current one,
it's not deployed yet, but it will be.
I can actually, as I deploy over,
and over, and over again,
go back to previous versions.
So this works really great as
a continuous deployment thing, as well,
you can hook it up into like Travis CI,
or something like that.
So hey, I pushed the master, run it and
build it, and if it doesn't work,
we could just roll back to a previous
version, which is super cool.
So yeah, here is the current version,
you can see who did it.
So you can also figure out,
where I work, we're very much into,
who is to blame for a given thing, right?
Cuz once you can figure out who to blame,
you can move faster, right?
Here, I am to blame for
this deploy, all right,
cool, so that is the long and
short of Hosting.
You basically install the firebase-tools,
you do firebase deploy,
here on the internet,
don't believe me, here it is.
And this one, theoretically,
you could all just log into,
and be hot messes with, and
run on my API keys, [LAUGH].
But I think, without access to the code
in this one, I'm a little safer.
But this is it, in production,
on the Internet, under HTTPS.